Feature/sp 158 (#517)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/marketplace/jenkins/enterprise-store/index.md

---
title: Setting Up Appcircle Enterprise Store Plugin
sidebar_label: Enterprise App Store
description: Enhance powerful plugin to publish your builds to appcircle app store
tags:
  [
    overview,
    concepts,
    app store,
    internal-testing,
    beta testing,
    binary distribution,
    ipa distribution,
    apk distribution,
  ]
sidebar_position: 2
---

import Screenshot from '@site/src/components/Screenshot';

> The Appcircle Enterprise Store plugin allows users to publish their apps to appcircle app store

Reviewer: The Appcircle Enterprise Store plugin enables users to publish their apps to the Appcircle App Store.

> The Appcircle Enterprise Store plugin allows users to publish their apps to appcircle app store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Appcircle Enterprise Store plugin enables users to publish their apps to the Appcircle App Store.
```

### Install Appcircle Enterprise Store Plugin

> Go to your Jenkins dashboard and follow, Manage Jenkins > Plugins and search for "Appcircle Enterprise Store"

Reviewer: Go to your Jenkins dashboard and navigate to Manage Jenkins > Manage Plugins. Then, search for "Appcircle Enterprise Store" in the available plugins section.

> Go to your Jenkins dashboard and follow, Manage Jenkins > Plugins and search for "Appcircle Enterprise Store"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to your Jenkins dashboard and navigate to Manage Jenkins > Manage Plugins. Then, search for "Appcircle Enterprise Store" in the available plugins section.
```

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sp-158-installation_steps.png' />

### Add Plugin in Build Steps

Go to your configuration page of the project and add a build step.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sp-158-store-add_pannel.png' />

### Configure Plugin

After adding the plugin into your build steps make sure you fulfill required inputs.

> Also, do not forget to add the plugin after your build steps. Because you will be asked to provide the build path.

Reviewer: After adding the plugin to your build steps, ensure that you provide all required inputs. Additionally, remember to place the plugin after your build steps. You will need to specify the build path during configuration.

> After adding the plugin into your build steps make sure you fulfill required inputs.
> Also, do not forget to add the plugin after your build steps. Because you will be asked to provide the build path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the plugin to your build steps, ensure that you provide all required inputs. Additionally, remember to place the plugin after your build steps. You will need to specify the build path later on.
```

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/sp-158-store-configure_pannel.png' />

### Leveraging Environment Variables

Utilize environment variables seamlessly by substituting the parameters with `$(VARIABLE_NAME)` in your task inputs. The extension automatically retrieves values from the specified environment variables within your pipeline.

## References

> - For details on generating an Appcircle Personal Access Token, visit [Generating/Managing Personal API Tokens](https://docs.appcircle.io/appcircle-api/api-authentication#generatingmanaging-the-personal-api-tokens)

Reviewer: - For details on generating an Appcircle Personal Access Token, visit [Generating/Managing Personal API Tokens](https://docs.appcircle.io/appcircle-api/api-authentication#generatingmanaging-the-personal-api-tokens).

> - For details on generating an Appcircle Personal Access Token, visit [Generating/Managing Personal API Tokens](https://docs.appcircle.io/appcircle-api/api-authentication#generatingmanaging-the-personal-api-tokens)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For details on generating an Appcircle Personal Access Token, visit [Generating/Managing Personal API Tokens](https://docs.appcircle.io/appcircle-api/api-authentication#generatingmanaging-the-personal-api-tokens).
```
